how can i recreate Nmap with a GUI using React,TS and Django 
Creating an interactive nmap scanner involves several steps. Here's how I would go about it in 
brief (assuming you are familiar enough to use the technologies mentioned). This is not going 
into advanced details such as customizing ports or scanning with specific protocols etc, since 
that requires a lot more work and can be quite complex if done properly:

1. **Frontend React & TypeScript** - You'll need two pieces of software for this task â€“ the front 
end (React) to display data from Nmap scanner in an interactive table format on your webpage, 
along with a backend server written using Django that will handle requests and generate 
responses.
   For both React & TypeScript you can use libraries such as create-react app or Create 
React App if they are not already present (npm/yarn).  You could also leverage the reactstrap 
library for easier UI components implementation, but this is beyond scope of a simple question in 
my case and will require more detailed explanation.
   Below commands might be helpful to set up your project:
   ```bash
   $ npx create-react-app MyNmapApp --template typescript  //create app with typechecking support 
using Create React App & TypeScript template, change it according to the needs of you and update 
all necessary configs.  
    $ cd my_namp_scanner       # navigate into your project directory after creating command line 
interface (CLI) in new folder called MyNmapApp 
   $ npm start            //starting up local server at port:3001 which is connected to react app 
run on localhost with the PORT set as per create-react-app config file. It will open your default 
browser and show you a page where can interact easily, by running Nmap Scanner in backend Django 
App 
   ```  
2. **Backend (Django)** - You'll need to write code for the REST API endpoint that would handle 
requests from front-ends & generate responses using Python libraries such as django rest 
framework or similar which supports many protocols and formats out of box, like JSON/XML etc in 
Nmap scanner. 
   Below command could help you set up a simple Django server:   
    ```bash
    $ pip install django                  #Installing the python package for starting new project 
named MyNampScanApp using Pip (Python Package installer) and installing it locally, this will 
also create your main settings file which includes all necessary configurations. 
   $ cd my_nmap_scanner                 //Change directory to where you created django app    
    $ python manage.py startapp scan    /*This command is used for creating a new Django App 
named 'Scan' that can be accessed using `python path/to/manage.py runserver` from your project 
root folder (my_nmap_scanner). It will also create required models, migrations and manage file in 
this case*/
    $ python manage.py migrate          //This command is used to apply database schema changes 
for the current state of Django's ORM model data */ 
    ```   
   Then you can use a package such as djangorestframework or similar libraries (or its more 
advanced counterparts like rest-framework) in your frontend React app, along with Axios library 
to make HTTP requests from the browser. Also consider using socket for real time updates and 
other techniques if needed based on user requirements ie ports scanned over network etc
   Please note this is a high level step guide but you need more details about each part 
according your project needs or specific use case, as it can be quite complex task in itself!  
I'd recommend looking at the documentation of these libraries and tools to get started with them. 
You could also consider hiring professional if necessary because setting up such advanced 
projects is not easy when done properly due to its complexity nature especially for large-scale 
project like Nmap scanner as it requires knowledge on network protocols, TCP/IP protocol stack 
etc