
[[Fleet notes for 2.1.3]]
# What is Data 
- **Data**: Is simply the information of what the Computers Processes. Which can include anything you feed it via code such as numbers,text,images,sounds, and more. Each type of data has a specific way it's stored and handled by the computer [2](https://www.computerscience.org/resources/kids-introduction-to-coding/)[5](https://kidskonnect.com/articles/computer-science-for-kids/).
	- Selectors : Selectors, on the other hand, are like tools that `help you find out what's inside something you've built. `For example, if you have a tower made of blocks, you `might use` a `selector` to find out **how tall it is or how many blocks it has.** 
		- In programming, `a selector function might take an object` (like the point we mentioned) and `return a part of it, like the x-coordinate or the y-coordinate.`
	- Constructors: Since data is just information of what a Computer can processes when use a **Constructor function its simply a tool that allows you to use that information in a specified way**
		- Basically a *function that uses the* `Data` to make a `Object` for example makes a tower(`constructors output`) with blocks(`Data`)

Example
```C++
#include <iostream>
#include <string>

using namespace std;

class Character {
public:
    // Constructor
    Character(const string& name, int age, const string& faction) : name(name), age(age), faction(faction) {}

    // Method to introduce the character
    void introduce() const {
        cout << "Hello, my name is " << name << ". I am " << age << " years old and I belong to the " << faction << " faction." << endl;
    }

private:
    string name;
    int age;
    string faction;
};

int main() {
    // Creating a new character
    Character new_character("John Doe", 25, "Vault Dweller");

    // Introducing the character
    new_character.introduce();

    return 0;
}
```

[[in it]] 

# Abstraction Models 

- **Abstraction Models**: is simply what we have gone over in which it is meant to simplify complex systems and processes within our code to hide as much of how something works. 
	- **Simplification**: Abstraction simplifies complexity by hiding the details of how a system operates, allowing developers to focus on the higher-level aspects of a system. This is particularly useful in large-scale projects where understanding every detail could be overwhelming [1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstraction_(computer_science))[5](https://www.vaia.com/en-us/explanations/computer-science/problem-solving-techniques/abstraction-computer-science/).

- **C.A.R**: Christopher Strachey, John McCarthy, and John Backus Pioneered the concpet of Data abstraction (`ADTs`):`Abstract Data Types` Which was just the thought process of the separation of how a data structure does it and what the data structure is. 
- **Low-Level Data Objects**: The basic primitive Data in the system such as integer, arrays, strings, doubles, These are closer to hardware and can be manipulated directly by the programmer. 
	- Low-level data objects are often used for tasks that require direct manipulation of data, such as file I/O operations or memory management.
- **High-Level Data Objects**: These are more complex data structures that are built from low level data objects. `lists, stacks, queues, trees, and graphs.` 
[1](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10267084/what-are-adts-abstract-data-types) [2](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/abstract-data-types/) 


[[Why its important]]


# Primitive Vectors

- **Vectors**: A dynamically allocated list of data like an array but changes size the more you add data to it however the data is fixed to what you specify it to, unless using `Typename T`. (**This is specifically in C++**: I assume other programming languages have something similar)[[Typename_in_python]], [[Typename in JS]] ,[[Typename in GO]] 
	- can also shrink as needed use `pop back`
- **Message passing**: is a way for different parts of a program (or different programs) to communicate with each other.
	- in computing, when one part of a program sends a message (`or data`) to another part, it doesn't need to know the details of how the receiving part will process that data. It just needs to send it in a way that the receiver can understand.




